all right haven't really done one of
these in a while so I guess here's the
plan we've heard rumors of people
sneaking into places using high vis
jackets like these so we thought would
put this theory to test and try to sneak
into everything with five places on our
map movie theaters a celebrity chef's
kitchen a museum the zoo for the Mission
Impossible finale in Las Vegas amusement
park in the world which shall avoid
mentioning by name disclaimer this is
just an experiment we're not actually
trying to take advantage of these venues
so please do not try to replicate this
on your own you might actually get
yourself in trouble into the venue's
please take this as an opportunity to
tighten up your security this is so
ridiculous do we look legit what would
an electrician do always think like that
you got to be an electrician you're
mocking fitness
just try to walk through
[Music]
there's no problems with theater a3 it's
all fixed now all right we're gonna try
a theater number two that was way too
easy so we'll see if this works
everywhere if you just got lucky I have
no idea what the layout of this is I
haven't been here before
[Music]
out of here
where's Matt going let's move we got it
was okay though we got in there's nobody
there like not a single person number
three here we go so ridiculous
okay
[Music]
- thank you have it going oh it's a good
day for your inspection a literally
three for three
they just walk in and I'm surprised
waiting outside all right we're rolling
up to location number two celebrity
chefs restaurants I don't know if he'll
be there gonna try to just walk into the
kitchen and just see if anyone asks us
what the hell we're doing see that guy
with a suit in the entrance I mean we'll
try it
huh we're round here right now and it's
so sketchy
everybody's like staring at us this is
like super bougie we might have to abort
this one at some point but we'll see how
far we can take it
we're gonna do a quick inspection for
the bathrooms yeah it'll be two seconds
Bert thank you so much okay what's that
sir
[Music]
fancy restaurants alright next attempt
we're gonna try to sneak into a museum
let's just avoid conversation this time
but this is right there just look at a
sweep through my boy
what about to walk right into this
museum and enjoy some
[Music]
after the next
alright so the next destination we have
to it is the Los Angeles Zoo trying to
walk into the exit the eggs in is just
too full open right there I have no idea
what to expect right now I just hope no
one can stop sighs so this is the exit
right walk through just make sure they
don't see your freaking pad with nothing
on
abort just take a look real quick
and we should try to get in but like
there's like three people working there
we just walk through I do it it's
terrifying there's like three people
[Music]
I'm actually like I just shot myself
I don't understand we're inside the
consume let's try to find some cool day
ever right we're gonna try to get the
most out of this because it's closing in
[Music]
I believe that worked I was so scared
walking in and then no one said anything
now the ultimate attempt is an amusement
park we will get on a freaking riot it's
one opponent that this entire time
there's been nothing on this pamphlet
it's just an empty to-do list and I've
snuck into a lot of places in my life
but this might be the greatest I've ever
accomplished if we actually do get in
here theme park that's the one
everything we were invisible
we're about to walk straight into my
biggest amusement parks in the country
it's quite a lot of security can you try
alone to God to M suicide mission and
I'm going for it there we go yep
all right I'm in was that's what's up
only Matt just got in I just got into
the last one numbskull
let's go hopefully it gets it I'm just
praying he doesn't get caught
[Music]
piñon I'm just I just walked into the oh
my god this is literally the most insane
thing I think I've ever experienced so
to avoid looking suspicious we're gonna
take these off and the moment we take
these off or pull incognito I think I'm
keeping these the rest of my life
[Music]
you don't work here Owens a casa I think
by sneaking into eight places in one day
we might have defined you as best in the
world at sneaking into places game on
[ __ ]
[Music]